gh-121650 : detect newlines in headers (#121812)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-07-15-21-43-38.gh-issue-121650.A0FkCh.rst

Reviewer: FWIW, as a tiny nitpick, this is actually a fix to `EmailPolicy`, so that might be worth specifying.

Author: done, I think, please check

> Fixes newlines (and carriage returns) in email headers, both at the end of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed newlines and carriage returns in :mod:`email` headers, both at the end of
```
